## <center> UI design of Qushuojingying English </center>
&#8195;&#8195;The name of our application is 趣说精英。It can help users speak English more fluently. The application focus on ubiquitous learning and constructivism theory. Let’s see the UI of 趣说精英。  
&#8195;&#8195;When we open the app，it can identify the user’s location, and push some relevant learning content to users. It’s the ubiquitous learning theory of this application. Now we assume that the application identifies the user in a café. And click “to learn”enter the next interface. In vocabulary, the words are the types of coffee, Users can learn these words by swiping the screen. And it also provide some daily expression for users. Finally. We can choose player VS player or player VS computer to practice.   
&#8195;&#8195;We can choose player VS player firstly, then we should select numbers of practice, such as two players, three players or four players. After this handle, we can enter the dialogue interface . this part provide the flow of the conversation, because maybe some learners don’t know what to talk about. So learners need to follow this process. And we design a word searching function, users can search words in this discussion. For example, I import 美式咖啡，and click search, then it can appear the relevant words, then we can click this icon to learn how to pronounce. In the main discussion part, if we really don’t know what means our partner is we can click 译 to see the text.  And we can click “press to speak”to communicate. Click this plus icon, we can send picture and document to others, and choose video call to communicate.  
&#8195;&#8195;In addition to the location awareness, we also can go to the homepage and select the specific scene to practice. In the homepage, we can import the scene to search or click the picture to enter, then choose which practice you want. Or click this icon, Let the app identify the new location and push content.  
&#8195;&#8195;Next, I will introduce the player VS computer practice. Enter this interface, we will see the scene that imaging you want to order a cup of americano, and machine will send a voice massage, if we don’t know what means, we can click 译 to see the text. Then we can click this play icon to listen machine’s standard pronunciation, and press to speak to repeat. The application will give users scores, users can click the microphone to repeat the sentence again. We click done can get ours learning feedback.  
&#8195;&#8195;Back to homepage, we can click the figure icon to enter the account interface. We can select the location service opening or closing. And see the learning record , collections and so on.  
&#8195;&#8195;This is the UI design we have done so far, and it will be better.   



